okay we're getting in some news that
there are reports that suggest J
lalita's health to be worsening now
according to two tunnel channels they
say that J Lolita the chief minister of
tamil nadu is no more that's according
to the reports coming in from these two
channels in the state giving out reports
of the Chief Minister's death now we
haven't really heard officially from the
Apollo hospital the last move that we
heard was through the official medical
bulletin that said that the condition of
the chief minister is very critical
we also last heard that a team of
specialists from Ames have already
reached the Apolo Hospital let's just go
straight across to consulting editor
India today Rajdeep Sardesai asleep what
do you make of this news I mean could
this just be you know a channel jumping
the gun because we haven't heard
anything officially from the hospital
just as yet well given the sensitivity
of the situation obviously channels have
been extremely cautious reporting this
story from the very fact that two Tamil
channels including Puglia tomogram which
has a reputation of being a credible
news channel have now gone ahead and
reported that the news they're getting
is that J Jayalalithaa the Tamil Nadu
Chief Minister's no more clearly
confirms what we've been hearing over
the last few hours that her condition
has worsened and that the party is now
preparing for the worst at 6 p.m. today
at the IDM k headquarters all the MLAs
have been summoned we believe that this
is the meeting where they are going to
be informed about the condition of jail
Aleta's health as well as we told about
what now lies ahead in terms of a
succession plan remember the police has
put out security now across Tamil not
not just in urban areas but rural
pockets as well one of the things that
they were waiting for was not to make
any announcements during the day given
the sensitivity of the situation and the
security situation that could emerge in
the event of the worst case scenario of
Jayalalitha it appears therefore that
one has to be cautious in reporting this
story there is no official announcement
as yet from the hospital
but two channels and a newspaper New
Indian Express
reporting that Jayalalitha has passed
away right all right let's go straight
across to editor and yet relationship
guru who's also been tracking the
developments from the ground ship just
tell us what exactly is going on we're
getting to hear these two reports that
have been put out by the two terminal
channels there are very violent scenes
here Avantika right outside the Apollo
Hospital where the police have just
clashed with a AIADMK or supporters a
lot of barricades have actually been
broken emotions are running very very
high you know the emotions that you saw
running through the day has completely
erupted now into anger despair anguish
and up I think this is a manifestation
of fear as well what we're seeing here
now is a complete outpouring of every
single pent-up emotion that these people
feared the most many of these people are
not from chennai thousands more are
expected to defend all the city now some
ppb the indian express and certain other
media has confirmed and reported that JJ
melissa has indeed passed away we have
no official confirmation just yet so
India today will only put up that
information once we have an official
confirmation but I want you to take a
look at these scenes right now almost
double the amount of police has
descended on the field right now and
just a short moment ago or you know
event when you were speaking with Raj
beep yeah well very very violent things
taking place just a few feet behind me
where people were breaking the barrier
some people have gotten hurt as well
there was a stampede like situation
where we were standing
our cameras were almost broken you're in
the melee that actually followed right
now thankfully thankfully as you can see
the middle of this road you can see the
police our deployment there where
they've been able to Europe bring some
sense of calm but I have a feeling
things should spiral out of control
you can see people angry there's a great
deal of fear there's a great deal of
uncertainty it's easy to it's difficult
to understand it is unsinkable it is
absolutely unbelievable for these people
to imagine a world without journalism
and now with that concrete revision from
some local channels not to us just yet
that's the G pillager has indeed passed
away for them it is the nightmarish
unknown that they've just stepped into a
Pentagon and you know we can see that
the the kind of emotions that have been
running high through the days in all
those reactions shift that you have been
getting from the women who have been
just breaking down and absolutely
inconsolable and probably that's why the
governor the city police and you know
everyone else in the bureaucracy
anticipated as to what perhaps could
happen if a situation like this I want
to translate for you
what does 9si Avantika is that they have
been cheated they have been manipulated
for 75 days they were told by doctors
they say that that Imam was well she was
eating she was to think she was talking
and that they feel cheated they feel
manipulated right now and that's why
this creep is even you know even hurt
even more this man so many people behind
him they're all in fear there's so much
anguish behind me right now it's
actually difficult to fathom in one
single camera frame I don't know if you
can see it but I can tell you the sound
here is submerged with the sound now we
can the sound of anger the sound of
wailing at this point of time people
feeling cheated yes and shaved that's
probably worse isn't it the sense of
betrayal what these people are feeling
they claim that they have been kept in
the dark they feel that you know they
have been duped they feel the sense of
betrayal by the authorities and by the
hospital that probably is why we are
getting to see reactions like this they
need to express their anger in some form
we've got another man here angry about
that you thought that she was okay
[Music]
something wrong okay so you know this is
where emotions actually go you know
finding someone to blame in this sort of
ocean of disbelief right now is it uh
this is not very difficult to understand
everywhere you look right now you killed
three people in anguish are in despair
are not able to control their emotions I
can tell you very personally I feel this
is almost voyeuristic standing here you
know putting my microphone to people in
tears you know it doesn't feel your
doesn't feel right but many of these
people really have something to say they
need an outlet for their emotions and
they're very willingly taking questions
from India today on camera and
expressing what's going on in their life
which is which is you know an ironic
sort of situation because for many of
these people today these women are very
very human emotions being afraid or
emotion may perhaps never knew they
would ever have to you know displace
right emotions they never thought they
would ever feel I don't think many of
these people were even humanly prepared
to feel
today in the a but but can you just tell
us what exactly happened what was the
trigger of the last time I spoke to you
there was a sense of calm with you know
the well wishers still hoping for some
positive news from the hospital to the
hospital you know someone telling the
other person that generator has actually
passed away there the person behind the
room or somebody else saying they heard
it on whatsapp somebody else a they
soared on a television channel so in
this nano you know some kind of frenzy
got whipped up in that corner you know
the exit gate or hospitals and things
went completely out there was standing
like a short while wrong now where
people Charlotte speaking of that again
very much like this month and just
tossing them down to the ground which is
why hazards in normal town and they will
add item that people would terrified
they charted leaving Romania very narrow
exits are your accurate eight or to a
pair of and
to the other side as well absolutely is
a tense situation that prevails outside
the Apollo Hospital the violence that
eruption what we're getting to hear
right now is that doctors from Ames and
a polo continue to take take an
assessment of the chief minister's
health Apollo Hospital says JL Ethel
Jenna Lata still on life support doctors
from Ames in a polo continuing to treat
the Chief Minister so that's the news we
haven't really got an official statement
from the Apollo hospital just as yet the
last that we heard from the hospital was
through that medical bulletin that the
Chief Minister's condition is very
critical with scenes of violence that
were witnessed just south side the
Apollo Hospital with people trying to
jump over the barricade there is a huge
presence of police personnel outside the
Apollo Hospital
it's amazing you know I've just gotten a
producer has just told me and there is a
fresh update of us because yes where the
hospital is actually officially denied
that our has passed away they said that
she is still currently on life support
so am I still alive apparently she's
still currently on life support
okay categorically and officially denied
the media reports that she has passed
away
[Music]
