now last week a minister from Tamilnadu
confessed that he and his colleagues
lied about gelas health none saw her but
they said they spent stories that she
ate atleast in hospital and was
recovering now another minister says he
did see her
I made these conflicting claims over
Joella littles death who mystery the
state government has announced that a
one-man committee has been appointed and
will be probing the circumstances
leading to jll it has hospitalization
and death and annual reports one year
after Jirga Lita was admitted to
Chennai's up in the hospital a bizarre
controversy first Tamil Nadu forest
minister said no cabinet colleague or
visiting dignitary saw gerrera leta in
hospital the textiles minister had
endorsed that now cooperatives minister
seller Raju says that's not true he had
met her and so had others na mano a
Marley party lammeter important
ministers Srinivasan and we Ramana say
they had been scared of cicala who had
at that time no official position in the
government or party and had they for
parotid a line that join Rita's health
was improving and that she even ate
Italy at the up low hospital the delica
can't points out that it was o-p-s who
was virtual second-in-command at that
time the nekron has claimed that
fascicular had filmed joy Mallika when
she was recovering
but did not make it public as the late
Chief Minister did not want people to
see pictures of her in hospital robes on
night where DMK leader MK Stalin is not
satisfied with a probe into jail Aleta's
death by retried justice Armiger Swamy
he wants the CBI to unravel the truth
who saw and who did not see joy lolita
at hospital remains a mystery the
contradictory statements were ministers
that could indicate their loyalty to EPA
social security has dented the
credibility of Chief Minister eight
pieces cabinet in Chennai with
cameraperson Sukumar Sam Daniel find a
TV
you
